Docs: Flow control section (#754)
inngest/website: pages/docs/reference/functions/create.mdx

    </Properties>
  </Property>

  <Property name="throttle" type="object">
    Limits the number of new function runs started over a given period of time ([guide](/docs/guides/throttling)).

    <Properties nested={true} collapse={true}>
      <Property name="limit" type="number" required>
        The total number of runs allowed to start within the given `period`.
      </Property>
      <Property name="period" type="number" required>
        The period within the `limit` will be applied.
      </Property>
      <Property name="burst" type="number">

>         The number of runs allow to start in the given window in a single burst. This defaults to 1, which ensure that requests are smoothed amongst the given `period`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The number of runs allowed to start in the given window in a single burst. This defaults to 1, which ensures that requests are smoothed amongst the given `period`.
```
